# KAIST-Bus-And-OH

## Installation
**Note**: This installation guide was referenced from [The Complete React Native + Hooks Course [2020 edition]](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-react-native-and-redux-course) taught by Stephen Grider.

### MacOS
1. Go to https://nodejs.org/en/download/ and download the LTS version of Node
2. [Clone](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository "Clone Guide") this repository to your preferred directory.
3. Open terminal and navigate to the directory that has been generated by above step.
4. Install the dependencies by running ```npm install``` in your terminal.
5. Attempt to start the application by running ```npm start``` in your terminal.
6. You may get prompted to install the Expo tools globally. You should type ```Y``` and press enter in your terminal. If you get permission errors, then follow below steps.
7. In your terminal run this command to create a new global install path:  ```mkdir ~/.npm-global```
8. Then, run this command to tell npm about it:  ```npm config set prefix '~/.npm-global'```
9. Run ```ps -o comm= $$``` to determine which shell you are currently using (It will either be **bash** or **zsh**).
10. If you are using **zsh**, create a zshrc profile by running ```nano ~/.zshrc```. If you are using **bash**, create a bash_profile by running ```nano ~/.bash_profile```
11. Inside of this file add the following text:
```export PATH=~/.npm-global/bin:$PATH```
12. On your keyboard press CTL + X to exit. Press y to save and hit enter to write the changes.
13. Exit your terminal completely and then reopen it.
14. In your terminal change back into your project directory.
15. Install the global expo-cli tools to the new location by running ```npm install expo-cli --global```
16. After the tools finish installing, run ```npm start```
